= Jumping Words
The program speaks and displays in the pop-up window the word or phrase and the word's translation or phrase.
After end of list back to the start.

Supports OS MAC OS X 10.8 or higher or Ubuntu

== Dependencies
For linux
sudo apt-get install libnotify-bin

On MAC OS X before you start, you should add to your system the voices for words and translates.
To enable the speech recognition ability and use speech commands on your Mac, the first thing you have to do is open the Speech menu from System Preferences.

For example for Russian you should install the Milena voice.

== Config
Default:
  Show message: true
  Timeout between a word and translate: 3 sec.
  Timeout to start list: 10 sec.
  MAC OS X word voice: Vicki.
  MAC OS X translate voice: Milena.

More:
  jwords -h

== Actions
Starting
  jwords start
or
  jwords -v Fiona -t Milena -i5 start

Stoping
  ctrl+c

View a list of words
  jwords list

  1 convenient: удобный | 7
  2 If I were you: на твоем месте | 6
  3 in turns: по очереди | 5
  4 endurance: выносливость | 2
  5 spoil, spoilt, spoilt: портиться, испортилось | 2
  6 to lead, led, led: приводить, привели | 2
  7 to achieve: достигать | 2
  ...

Adding words to the database
  jwords -a root: корень
  jwords -a to play: играть

Delete a word from the database (indicated by the index of the word in the list)
  jwords -d 1

If you want to change words in directly in CSV find .jwords directory in your home directory, then open jumping_words_db.csv. After saving the file restart the script.

== Install
 gem install jumping_words

For OS X users: you also should install the https://github.com/alloy/terminal-notifier for notifications.
  brew install terminal-notifier

== ToDo
For Ubuntu users give config for changing language system voice.
